CASM-5052 rack resiliency (#350)
Cray-HPE/csm-config: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.32.0] - 2025-05-12
### Added
- CASM-4872: Rack Resiliency (RR): Provide a method for placement discovery and validation of management nodes in order to meet the RR norms

> - CASM-4873: Rack Resiliency (RR): Define, create, and configure Management Plane Failure Domains and handle enablement/ disablement of  the RR feature
> 
> RR CFS ansible plays for:
>   - handle enablement/ disablement of the RR feature
>   - physical racks and management nodes discovery
>   - management nodes (master, worker and storage) placement validation
>   - k8s topology zoning for master and worker nodes
>   - CEPH zoning for storage nodes (Utility Storage)
>   - RR kyverno policy for critical services equal distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CASM-4873: Rack Resiliency (RR): Define, create, and configure Management Plane Failure Domains and handle enablement/disablement of the RR feature

  - RR Ansible plays for:
    - handling enablement/disablement of the RR feature
    - discovery of physical racks and management nodes (master, worker, and storage)
    - management nodes placement validation
    - k8s topology zoning for master and worker nodes
    - CEPH zoning for storage nodes
    - RR kyverno policy for equal distribution of critical services
```
